so hard to be yourself
stitches and white lost but lasts
same ecstasy when in the heart
how much did it burn out from the edge
lost version
this is my last fight here is meat and blood
fleece from Tobolsk will not now
the length of the wood at the turn I trigger on the platoon and
claws from coleman grade 9 row
not the concept of time as Tim changed
as if the heartache prevented us
cool down and we lit the master
the sidewalk in the abyss identifying themselves in
did not ask for a simple zone
ask for forgiveness
now I define love as one of the best
men just didn't want just not
did it happen as if ill in the mountains
as if bones our cane broke not
climbing and left us without reaching
scheisse built so long
into the future and our relationship tower piles
stones and love there is no i never lose
believes in the realm who knows whether pain is somewhere
It is not lost, and it was like flying
well this is death went blood and
it's more pierced my heart so far
are you ill shoot aptly for
Does this world hurt you John
their bones and and not forgiven and I will not forgive
hurting my lichku for you heart
noise
lost my body i was changing lost my
soul I did not give up this is our sham the whole world
abstractions hi are you an artist with
broken fingers lost my body i
changed and lost my soul I was not angry
these are our chances abstraction world hi you
artist faces broken fingers only
it's just hard for me to ask for nights
let go simplify these nonsense and i don't
got cold i couldn’t jealousy hung it
would imagine a bunch of heartless together this
place won or everything in this song is all in
skier
and who was taken ears I did not forgive but so
happened and lost my body i was changing
lost its soul they did not give it our
odds a billion stock no you are an artist with
broken fingers lost my body i
changing lost my soul i didn't give up
these are our chances of the world of abstraction and no you
artist beat with broken fingers
lost my body i was changing lost my
my soul I did not give up this is our chance for me
factions and no you're an artist and with
broken fingers lost my body i
changed and lost my soul I was not angry
these are our chances world of abstraction battle
artist and with broken fingers
but